                             Language::MuldisD
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

by Darren Duncan <perl@DarrenDuncan.net>

PREFACE

This distribution features the pure documentation file named
"Language::MuldisD" (Formal spec of Muldis D relational DBMS lang) and its
support structure.

Read below for how to get support or keep up to date.

DOCUMENTATION READING ORDER

If you want to read all the Muldis D documentation that exists now in
this distribution, I recommend doing so in this order:

   1.       README
   2. (opt) Changes
   3.       lib/Language/MuldisD.pm
   4.       lib/Language/MuldisD/Basics.pod
   5.       lib/Language/MuldisD/Core.pod
   6. (opt) lib/Language/MuldisD/Dialect/PTMD_Tiny.pod
   7.       lib/Language/MuldisD/Dialect/HDMD_Perl_Tiny.pod
   8.       lib/Language/MuldisD/Hierarchical.pod
   9. (opt) lib/Language/MuldisD/Conventions.pod
  10. (opt) lib/Language/MuldisD/Ext/Temporal.pod
  11. (opt) lib/Language/MuldisD/Ext/Spatial.pod
  12.       lib/Language/MuldisD/SeeAlso.pod
  13. (opt) TODO

Then you can carry on with anything else.

You may prefer the nicely HTML-formatted versions of the above, which are
available at "http://search.cpan.org/dist/Language-MuldisD/".

KEEPING UP TO DATE

My module set is constantly under development.  The canonical copies are
all linked to through my website, "http://www.DarrenDuncan.net/", on the
page called "Perl Libraries I Made" (name subject to change).

For those of you that are interested in the bleeding edge of development, I
have all parts of the Muldis D project in one or more public repositories.
The Muldis D project is in a Git repository whose Git read-access url is
"git://utsl.gen.nz/Language-MuldisD" and whose Gitweb information url is at
"http://utsl.gen.nz/gitweb/?p=Language-MuldisD".

You can download slightly older versions of all of my modules from the
public CPAN archives at "http://www.cpan.org/authors/id/D/DU/DUNCAND/", or
on my own web server at "http://www.DarrenDuncan.net/d/perl/".

CPAN also extracts the POD from modules and maintains that documentation in
an organized and searchable fashion.  Their main search site is at
"http://search.cpan.org", and my own DUNCAND author page is at
"http://search.cpan.org/search?author=DUNCAND".

The main CPAN search site url for Language-MuldisD is
"http://search.cpan.org/dist/Language-MuldisD/"; that is the url you should
link to presently if you want something to consider the "home page" of
Language-MuldisD; it is best to refer people there by default.

You can download my oldest tarred and gzipped distributions from BACKPAN,
at "http://history.perl.org/backpan/authors/id/D/DU/DUNCAND/", or from my
web server, at "http://www.DarrenDuncan.net/d/perl/archives/", right back
to the libdwg 1.0, first released on 2000 July 23.

SUPPORT

Currently, the best place to get basic support is the appropriate user
forums (see "http://mm.DarrenDuncan.net/mailman/listinfo"), which exist so
that Muldis D users can help each other, or that help coming from Muldis D
developers can be said once to many people, rather than to each
individually.

Alternately, you can purchase more advanced commercial support for Muldis D
from the author; contact "perl@DarrenDuncan.net" for details.

FIN

Share and Enjoy!
